---
layout: page
title: RBE 3001
description: color sorting robotic arm with computor vission
img: assets/img/Projects/image0.jpg
importance: 2
category: work
related_publications: false
featured: true 
---

WPI’s Unified Robotics III course covers the basic principles surrounding conventional, serial robotic manipulators. For the final project for this course, I worked with a 4-Degree of Freedom RRRR OpenManipulator-X arm with a simple servo actuated gripper as the end-effector. 4 Dynamixel motors positioned at each joint allowed for both joint and task space control, enabling the use of both forward, inverse, and differential kinematics. Additionally, the use of a webcam, a black and white checkered board, and Matlab’s camera calibration and image processing toolboxes allowed for complex computer vision tasks including image acquisition, RGB masking, median filtering, centroid mapping, and object depth localization.





<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/Projects/refrence frame skech.PNG" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/Projects/simple geometirc skech 3.PNG" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/Projects/arm1.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    Caption photos easily. On the left, a road goes through a tunnel. Middle, leaves artistically fall in a hipster photoshoot. Right, in another hipster photoshoot, a lumberjack grasps a handful of pine needles.
</div>
<div class="row">
    <div class="col-sm mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid loading="eager" path="assets/img/5.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    This image can also have a caption. It's like magic.
</div>

You can also put regular text between your rows of images, even citations {% cite einstein1950meaning %}.
Say you wanted to write a bit about your project before you posted the rest of the images.
You describe how you toiled, sweated, _bled_ for your project, and then... you reveal its glory in the next row of images.

<div class="row justify-content-sm-center">
    <div class="col-sm-8 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/6.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
    <div class="col-sm-4 mt-3 mt-md-0">
        {% include figure.liquid path="assets/img/11.jpg" title="example image" class="img-fluid rounded z-depth-1" %}
    </div>
</div>
<div class="caption">
    You can also have artistically styled 2/3 + 1/3 images, like these.
</div>

The code is simple.
Just wrap your images with `<div class="col-sm">` and place them inside `<div class="row">` (read more about the <a href="https://getbootstrap.com/docs/4.4/layout/grid/">Bootstrap Grid</a> system).
To make images responsive, add `img-fluid` class to each; for rounded corners and shadows use `rounded` and `z-depth-1` classes.
Here's the code for the last row of images above:
